I've got @7-12-26-STDCSeg/STDC-Seg/ref_images/qualitative/ where I have examples of quantative data. I have ablations that I ran primiary on STDCSeg and used citiyscapes, for ablations you should be able to stay within the STDCSeg folder. For PerClass you will need to also include @hrnet/HRNet-Semantic-Segmentation/output the baseline and HI1. Keep this in context somewhere to refer back to. This is work I will be doing to generate results and data for a paper I will be trying to publish. Majority of the work was done on STDC-Seg  but then we did some additional work to replicate our HI module into other existing models and that is HRNet. For the relevant models within STDCSeg look at @7-12-26-STDCSeg/STDC-Seg/models_i_care_about.txt. For per class try to focus on Full MIOU results and the boundary results. I don't think I have boundary results generating for HRNet and so you may need to add that. I will also be generating qualitative data in the future so I need you to store this in context somwhere. I will be checking in the STDC folder so generate anything new in there outside of the evaluations for HRNET specific items. I want you to generate me a python file that will generate me the PerClass statistics, the full MIOU statistics, which I may already have so you may just need to retrieve that data,. That is one python code and the other one will generate the data for ablations. The ablations are purely focused on STDCSeg and we will use full MIOU for abation comparision unless we should use boundary. Also look at evaluations files in STDCSeg and realize we are focused on boundary results. We will also need to figure out how to get the RunTime and Memory one. Ideally I want to generate three python files that will help me get the data needed to then take the ouput and generate the three images you see in the quantative folder. Please keep all of this in context and rezlize I am only tracking the STDC folder so any thing outside of HRNET specific code put in there. If you can also just use the absolution or relative path to get the pth file for HRNET do that so all the new code goes into the STDC-Seg folder. Keep this in context somwhere so that I don't have to give you reference. YOu can update @claude.md with information and then maintain a resultData folder where we output all data from these python files. I will use the output files for data to then generate tables. Also I will use a similar appraoch for qualitative data. So keep that in context too. You can update the claude.md as needed to maintain context and memory.